---
class:
  - Other product
status: 
project:
  - "[[üçì VCPE]]"
people:
  - "[[üçé Husayn Jessa]]"
  - "[[Rachelle Ashcroft]]"
  - "[[Simon Lai]]"
meeting-date: 2023-12-18
tags:
---
**cal-event**:: [link](x-fantastical://show?item=040000008200E00074C5B7101A82E0080000000074B0D2C41D2DDA010000000000000000100000009D8D5F8D771C6C4F9D083DA53850D970;2c0ad33e8d77e3a8389c8e6f19c5af523e02be05&calendarIdentifier=75d40c428d8c0090cb9e9c87ecfb160c2c0b4e7a)

---
### Agenda 
- Discuss Survey

### Notes 
- Have to have a look at the new sections and consider whether we *really* need the questions. 
- Need to address that it's not really a transition to in-person, but that it's an option among others. 
- Need to account for the differences between people who have a regular provider and those who don't. 
	- Are they being provided the options? 
	- Are they being charged extra for virtual appointments? 
	- Have they accessed services through other means (e.g., virtual walk-ins) because their regular provider is not providing them with options? 
	- Have you had to attend an in-person appointment for something that you would typically be able to access virtually?
	- Have you had to miss work or take time off work to attend in-person care that you would have previously been able to avoid?
### Actions 
- Husayn will make the suggested changes that came up during the meeting. 
- We will meet in the next couple weeks to discuss final changes to the survey before sending back to Rachelle and Simon for comment. 


